docs/documentation/notable_projects.md, before:

# Projects

Nonexhaustive list of notable projects using boardgame.io. Feel free to send a PR to add your project to this list, but please have a demo that's accessible via a URL.


#### [![GitHub stars][b-ark]][c-ark] [Arknights: The Card Game (明日方舟: 采掘行动)][p-ark] \[[code][c-ark]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A challenging single-player roguelike card game that is played locally, in Chinese.

[b-ark]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dadiaogames/arknights-card-game?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[p-ark]: https://dadiaogames.github.io/arknights-card-game/
[c-ark]: https://github.com/dadiaogames/arknights-card-game

#### [![GitHub stars][b1]][c1] Bad Flamingo \[[code][c1]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Fool the computer, but not your friends! Adversarial "Quick, Draw".

[b1]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/jayelm/bad-flamingo?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[c1]: https://github.com/jayelm/bad-flamingo

#### [![GitHub stars][b-bl]][c-bl]  [Battle Line][p-bl] \[[code][c-bl]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Clone of Battle Line, a 2 player card game.

[b-bl]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/rsandzimier/battleline?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[c-bl]: https://github.com/rsandzimier/battleline
[p-bl]: https://rsandzimier.github.io/battleline/

#### [![GitHub stars][b2]][c2] boardgame.io-angular \[[code][c2] | [demo][d2]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Unofficial Angular client for boardgame.io.

[b2]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/turn-based/boardgame.io-angular?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[c2]: https://github.com/turn-based/boardgame.io-angular
[d2]: https://turn-based-209306.firebaseapp.com/

#### [![GitHub stars][b-bri]][c-bri] [Briscola][p-bri] \[[code][c-bri] | [demo][d-bri]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Online 2-player variant of the Briscola card game.

[p-bri]: https://instant-briscola.herokuapp.com/
[c-bri]: https://github.com/aflorj/briscola
[d-bri]: https://instant-briscola.herokuapp.com/demo
[b-bri]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/aflorj/briscola?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github

#### [![GitHub stars][b3]][c3]  [Camelot][p3] \[[code][c3]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Play the Camelot board game online.

[b3]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/blunket/camelot?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[c3]: https://github.com/blunket/camelot
[p3]: https://www.playcamelot.com


#### [![GitHub stars][b4]][c4] [Can't Stop!][p4] \[[code][c4]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
The classic "push your luck" dice game.

[b4]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/simlmx/cantstop?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[c4]: https://github.com/simlmx/cantstop
[p4]: https://cantstop.fun


#### [![GitHub stars][b5]][c5] [Cardman Multiplayer][p5] \[[code][c5]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A cross between Hangman and a card game.

[p5]: http://cardman-multiplayer.herokuapp.com
[c5]: https://github.com/VengelStudio/cardman-multiplayer
[b5]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/VengelStudio/cardman-multiplayer?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b-chessweeper]][c-chessweeper] [Chessweeper][p-chessweeper] \[[code][c-chessweeper]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A mix between Chess and Minesweeper 

[p-chessweeper]: https://chessweeper.zirk.eu
[c-chessweeper]: https://github.com/Xwilarg/Chessweeper
[b-chessweeper]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/xwilarg/chessweeper?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github

#### [![GitHub stars][b26]][c26] [Chinchon][p26] \[[code][c26]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Multiplayer online card game similar to gin rummy. 

[p26]: https://chinchon-game.herokuapp.com/
[c26]: https://github.com/maxpaulus43/chinchon
[b26]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/maxpaulus43/chinchon?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github

#### [![GitHub stars][b21]][c21] [Coup][p21] \[[code][c21]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Online multiplayer version of Coup, a strategy board game.

[p21]: https://online-coup.herokuapp.com/
[c21]: https://github.com/vyang1222/online-coup
[b21]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/vyang1222/online-coup?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b6]][c6] [Elevation of Privilege][p6] \[[code][c6]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
An online multiplayer version of the threat modeling card game.

[b6]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dehydr8/elevation-of-privilege?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[p6]: https://elevation-of-privilege.herokuapp.com/
[c6]: https://github.com/dehydr8/elevation-of-privilege


#### [![GitHub stars][b7]][c7] [Fields of Arle simulator][p7] \[[code][c7]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Open source simulator of Fields of Arle.

[b7]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/philihp/fields-of-arle?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[p7]: https://arle.philihp.com
[c7]: https://github.com/philihp/fields-of-arle


#### [![GitHub stars][b-fd]][c-fd] [Forbidden Desert][p-fd] \[[code][c-fd]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Clone of Forbidden Desert, a 2-5 player cooperative board game played locally.

[b-fd]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/hwabis/forbidden-desert?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[p-fd]: https://hwabis.github.io/forbidden-desert/
[c-fd]: https://github.com/hwabis/forbidden-desert


#### [![GitHub stars][b8]][c8] Four in a row \[[code][c8] | [tutorial][t8]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Four in a Row using boardgame.io.

[c8]: https://github.com/PJohannessen/four-in-a-row
[t8]: https://www.lonesomecrowdedweb.com/blog/four-in-a-row-boardgameio/
[b8]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/PJohannessen/four-in-a-row?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b9]][c9] [FreeBoardGames.org][p9] \[[code][c9]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
PWA framework for publishing board games.

[p9]: https://www.freeboardgames.org
[c9]: https://github.com/freeboardgames/FreeBoardGames.org
[b9]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/freeboardgames/FreeBoardGames.org?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b10]][c10] [Hex game][p10] \[[code][c10]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Simple hexagonal board game.

[p10]: https://korla.github.io/hexgame/build/
[c10]: https://github.com/Korla/hexgame
[b10]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Korla/hexgame?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github

#### [![GitHub stars][b-lhog]][c-lhog] [Lewis' House of Games][p-lhog] \[[code][c-lhog]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Lobby framework for boardgame.io games. Play Splendor or Powergrid clones here.

[p-lhog]: https://lhog.lewissilletto.com/
[c-lhog]: https://github.com/sillle14/lhog
[b-lhog]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/sillle14/lhog?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github

#### [![GitHub stars][b11]][c11] [Matchimals.fun][p11] \[[code][c11]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
An animal matching puzzle card game.

[p11]: https://www.matchimals.fun/
[c11]: https://github.com/chrisheninger/matchimals.fun
[b11]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/chrisheninger/matchimals.fun?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b12]][c12] [Mosaic Multiplayer][p12] \[[code][c12]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Azul board game clone you can play online with friends.

[p12]: https://playmosaic.online/
[c12]: https://github.com/maciejmatu/mosaic
[b12]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/maciejmatu/mosaic?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b13]][c13] [Multibuzzer][p13] \[[code][c13]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Simple multiplayer buzzer system for trivia night or quiz bowl.

[p13]: https://multibuzz.app
[c13]: https://github.com/wsun/multibuzzer
[b13]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/wsun/multibuzzer?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b14]][c14] [Pong420's Boardgame][p14] \[[code][c14]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A project for building board games with React and boardgame.io.

[p14]: http://play-boardgame.herokuapp.com
[c14]: https://github.com/Pong420/Boardgame
[b14]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Pong420/Boardgame?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b25]][c25] [Santorini][p25] \[[code][c25]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Multiplayer online boardgame with 3D board using three.js.

[p25]: https://santorini.onrender.com
[c25]: https://github.com/mbrinkl/santorini
[b25]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mbrinkl/santorini?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][bsixpieces]][csixpieces] [SixPieces][psixpieces] \[[code][csixpieces]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A 3-D online version of the tile-based boardgame "Qwirkle" for two to four players.

[psixpieces]: https://zwo.uber.space/SixPieces/
[csixpieces]: https://github.com/fuenfundachtzig/SixPieces
[bsixpieces]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/fuenfundachtzig/SixPieces?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [Splendor][p15]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A minimal splendor game you can play with up to 4 players.

[p15]: http://bestboards.ir


#### [Steel Civilizations][p16]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Turn-based mobile strategy game for Android with real-time online multiplayer ranking ladder system.

[p16]: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hydra.steelcivs


#### [![GitHub stars][b17]][c17] [Territories][p17] \[[code][c17]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Simple board game Territories.

[p17]: https://lehasvv2009.github.io/territories/
[c17]: https://github.com/lehaSVV2009/territories
[b17]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/lehaSVV2009/territories?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b18]][c18] [Thinktank][p18] \[[code][c18]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A 2-player strategy game inspired by Conundrum.

[p18]: https://thinktank.crespi.dev
[c18]: https://github.com/averycrespi/thinktank
[b18]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/averycrespi/thinktank?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github

#### [![GitHub stars][b19]][c19] [Tiến Lên][p19] \[[code][c19]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
The 4-player Vietnamese game that uses a standard 52-card deck, in English, with online multiplayer.

[p19]: http://tienlen-en.herokuapp.com/
[c19]: https://github.com/nguyenank/tien-len
[b19]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/nguyenank/tien-len?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b20]][c20] [Udaipur][p20] \[[code][c20]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Clone of Jaipur, a 2 Player Card game, with online multiplayer support.

[p20]: https://udaipur-game.herokuapp.com/
[c20]: https://github.com/skvrahul/UdaipurGame
[b20]:https://img.shields.io/github/stars/skvrahul/UdaipurGame?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b24]][c24] [Unmuted: 2021][p24] \[[code][c24]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A single-player deckbuilder game.

[p24]: https://shaoster.github.io/unmuted2021
[c24]: https://github.com/shaoster/unmuted2021
[b24]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/shaoster/unmuted2021?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b23]][c23] [Unstable Unicorns][p23] \[[code][c23]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Online game variant of the popular card game Unstable Unicorns 🦄. Playable with your friends.

[p23]: https://unstable-unicorns-online.herokuapp.com/hello-world/6/0
[c23]: https://github.com/geniegeist/unstable-unicorns
[b23]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/geniegeist/unstable-unicorns?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b22]][c22] [Yatzy][p22] \[[code][c22] | [tutorial][t22]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A 1-4 player dice game played locally.

[p22]: https://www.lonesomecrowdedweb.com/yatzy/
[c22]: https://github.com/pjohannessen/yatzy
[t22]: https://www.lonesomecrowdedweb.com/blog/yatzy-boardgameio/
[b22]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/pjohannessen/yatzy?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github

Commit message:

Added 2048 build using boardgame.io (#1118)

docs/documentation/notable_projects.md, after:

# Projects

Nonexhaustive list of notable projects using boardgame.io. Feel free to send a PR to add your project to this list, but please have a demo that's accessible via a URL.


#### [![GitHub stars][b-ark]][c-ark] [Arknights: The Card Game (明日方舟: 采掘行动)][p-ark] \[[code][c-ark]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A challenging single-player roguelike card game that is played locally, in Chinese.

[b-ark]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dadiaogames/arknights-card-game?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[p-ark]: https://dadiaogames.github.io/arknights-card-game/
[c-ark]: https://github.com/dadiaogames/arknights-card-game

#### [![GitHub stars][b1]][c1] Bad Flamingo \[[code][c1]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Fool the computer, but not your friends! Adversarial "Quick, Draw".

[b1]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/jayelm/bad-flamingo?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[c1]: https://github.com/jayelm/bad-flamingo

#### [![GitHub stars][b-bl]][c-bl]  [Battle Line][p-bl] \[[code][c-bl]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Clone of Battle Line, a 2 player card game.

[b-bl]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/rsandzimier/battleline?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[c-bl]: https://github.com/rsandzimier/battleline
[p-bl]: https://rsandzimier.github.io/battleline/

#### [![GitHub stars][b2]][c2] boardgame.io-angular \[[code][c2] | [demo][d2]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Unofficial Angular client for boardgame.io.

[b2]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/turn-based/boardgame.io-angular?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[c2]: https://github.com/turn-based/boardgame.io-angular
[d2]: https://turn-based-209306.firebaseapp.com/

#### [![GitHub stars][b-bri]][c-bri] [Briscola][p-bri] \[[code][c-bri] | [demo][d-bri]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Online 2-player variant of the Briscola card game.

[p-bri]: https://instant-briscola.herokuapp.com/
[c-bri]: https://github.com/aflorj/briscola
[d-bri]: https://instant-briscola.herokuapp.com/demo
[b-bri]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/aflorj/briscola?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github

#### [![GitHub stars][b3]][c3]  [Camelot][p3] \[[code][c3]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Play the Camelot board game online.

[b3]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/blunket/camelot?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[c3]: https://github.com/blunket/camelot
[p3]: https://www.playcamelot.com


#### [![GitHub stars][b4]][c4] [Can't Stop!][p4] \[[code][c4]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
The classic "push your luck" dice game.

[b4]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/simlmx/cantstop?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[c4]: https://github.com/simlmx/cantstop
[p4]: https://cantstop.fun


#### [![GitHub stars][b5]][c5] [Cardman Multiplayer][p5] \[[code][c5]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A cross between Hangman and a card game.

[p5]: http://cardman-multiplayer.herokuapp.com
[c5]: https://github.com/VengelStudio/cardman-multiplayer
[b5]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/VengelStudio/cardman-multiplayer?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b-chessweeper]][c-chessweeper] [Chessweeper][p-chessweeper] \[[code][c-chessweeper]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A mix between Chess and Minesweeper 

[p-chessweeper]: https://chessweeper.zirk.eu
[c-chessweeper]: https://github.com/Xwilarg/Chessweeper
[b-chessweeper]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/xwilarg/chessweeper?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github

#### [![GitHub stars][b26]][c26] [Chinchon][p26] \[[code][c26]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Multiplayer online card game similar to gin rummy. 

[p26]: https://chinchon-game.herokuapp.com/
[c26]: https://github.com/maxpaulus43/chinchon
[b26]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/maxpaulus43/chinchon?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github

#### [![GitHub stars][b21]][c21] [Coup][p21] \[[code][c21]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Online multiplayer version of Coup, a strategy board game.

[p21]: https://online-coup.herokuapp.com/
[c21]: https://github.com/vyang1222/online-coup
[b21]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/vyang1222/online-coup?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b6]][c6] [Elevation of Privilege][p6] \[[code][c6]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
An online multiplayer version of the threat modeling card game.

[b6]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dehydr8/elevation-of-privilege?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[p6]: https://elevation-of-privilege.herokuapp.com/
[c6]: https://github.com/dehydr8/elevation-of-privilege


#### [![GitHub stars][b7]][c7] [Fields of Arle simulator][p7] \[[code][c7]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Open source simulator of Fields of Arle.

[b7]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/philihp/fields-of-arle?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[p7]: https://arle.philihp.com
[c7]: https://github.com/philihp/fields-of-arle


#### [![GitHub stars][b-fd]][c-fd] [Forbidden Desert][p-fd] \[[code][c-fd]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Clone of Forbidden Desert, a 2-5 player cooperative board game played locally.

[b-fd]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/hwabis/forbidden-desert?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
[p-fd]: https://hwabis.github.io/forbidden-desert/
[c-fd]: https://github.com/hwabis/forbidden-desert


#### [![GitHub stars][b8]][c8] Four in a row \[[code][c8] | [tutorial][t8]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Four in a Row using boardgame.io.

[c8]: https://github.com/PJohannessen/four-in-a-row
[t8]: https://www.lonesomecrowdedweb.com/blog/four-in-a-row-boardgameio/
[b8]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/PJohannessen/four-in-a-row?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b9]][c9] [FreeBoardGames.org][p9] \[[code][c9]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
PWA framework for publishing board games.

[p9]: https://www.freeboardgames.org
[c9]: https://github.com/freeboardgames/FreeBoardGames.org
[b9]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/freeboardgames/FreeBoardGames.org?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [2048 Game][c27]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
The classic 2048 puzzle game. Implemented using React and Greensock.

[c27]: https://2048-online.io/


#### [![GitHub stars][b10]][c10] [Hex game][p10] \[[code][c10]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Simple hexagonal board game.

[p10]: https://korla.github.io/hexgame/build/
[c10]: https://github.com/Korla/hexgame
[b10]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Korla/hexgame?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github

#### [![GitHub stars][b-lhog]][c-lhog] [Lewis' House of Games][p-lhog] \[[code][c-lhog]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Lobby framework for boardgame.io games. Play Splendor or Powergrid clones here.

[p-lhog]: https://lhog.lewissilletto.com/
[c-lhog]: https://github.com/sillle14/lhog
[b-lhog]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/sillle14/lhog?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github

#### [![GitHub stars][b11]][c11] [Matchimals.fun][p11] \[[code][c11]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
An animal matching puzzle card game.

[p11]: https://www.matchimals.fun/
[c11]: https://github.com/chrisheninger/matchimals.fun
[b11]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/chrisheninger/matchimals.fun?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b12]][c12] [Mosaic Multiplayer][p12] \[[code][c12]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Azul board game clone you can play online with friends.

[p12]: https://playmosaic.online/
[c12]: https://github.com/maciejmatu/mosaic
[b12]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/maciejmatu/mosaic?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b13]][c13] [Multibuzzer][p13] \[[code][c13]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Simple multiplayer buzzer system for trivia night or quiz bowl.

[p13]: https://multibuzz.app
[c13]: https://github.com/wsun/multibuzzer
[b13]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/wsun/multibuzzer?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b14]][c14] [Pong420's Boardgame][p14] \[[code][c14]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A project for building board games with React and boardgame.io.

[p14]: http://play-boardgame.herokuapp.com
[c14]: https://github.com/Pong420/Boardgame
[b14]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Pong420/Boardgame?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b25]][c25] [Santorini][p25] \[[code][c25]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Multiplayer online boardgame with 3D board using three.js.

[p25]: https://santorini.onrender.com
[c25]: https://github.com/mbrinkl/santorini
[b25]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mbrinkl/santorini?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][bsixpieces]][csixpieces] [SixPieces][psixpieces] \[[code][csixpieces]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A 3-D online version of the tile-based boardgame "Qwirkle" for two to four players.

[psixpieces]: https://zwo.uber.space/SixPieces/
[csixpieces]: https://github.com/fuenfundachtzig/SixPieces
[bsixpieces]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/fuenfundachtzig/SixPieces?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [Splendor][p15]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A minimal splendor game you can play with up to 4 players.

[p15]: http://bestboards.ir


#### [Steel Civilizations][p16]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Turn-based mobile strategy game for Android with real-time online multiplayer ranking ladder system.

[p16]: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hydra.steelcivs


#### [![GitHub stars][b17]][c17] [Territories][p17] \[[code][c17]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Simple board game Territories.

[p17]: https://lehasvv2009.github.io/territories/
[c17]: https://github.com/lehaSVV2009/territories
[b17]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/lehaSVV2009/territories?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b18]][c18] [Thinktank][p18] \[[code][c18]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A 2-player strategy game inspired by Conundrum.

[p18]: https://thinktank.crespi.dev
[c18]: https://github.com/averycrespi/thinktank
[b18]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/averycrespi/thinktank?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github

#### [![GitHub stars][b19]][c19] [Tiến Lên][p19] \[[code][c19]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
The 4-player Vietnamese game that uses a standard 52-card deck, in English, with online multiplayer.

[p19]: http://tienlen-en.herokuapp.com/
[c19]: https://github.com/nguyenank/tien-len
[b19]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/nguyenank/tien-len?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b20]][c20] [Udaipur][p20] \[[code][c20]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Clone of Jaipur, a 2 Player Card game, with online multiplayer support.

[p20]: https://udaipur-game.herokuapp.com/
[c20]: https://github.com/skvrahul/UdaipurGame
[b20]:https://img.shields.io/github/stars/skvrahul/UdaipurGame?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b24]][c24] [Unmuted: 2021][p24] \[[code][c24]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A single-player deckbuilder game.

[p24]: https://shaoster.github.io/unmuted2021
[c24]: https://github.com/shaoster/unmuted2021
[b24]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/shaoster/unmuted2021?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b23]][c23] [Unstable Unicorns][p23] \[[code][c23]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
Online game variant of the popular card game Unstable Unicorns 🦄. Playable with your friends.

[p23]: https://unstable-unicorns-online.herokuapp.com/hello-world/6/0
[c23]: https://github.com/geniegeist/unstable-unicorns
[b23]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/geniegeist/unstable-unicorns?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github


#### [![GitHub stars][b22]][c22] [Yatzy][p22] \[[code][c22] | [tutorial][t22]\]
&nbsp;&nbsp;
A 1-4 player dice game played locally.

[p22]: https://www.lonesomecrowdedweb.com/yatzy/
[c22]: https://github.com/pjohannessen/yatzy
[t22]: https://www.lonesomecrowdedweb.com/blog/yatzy-boardgameio/
[b22]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/pjohannessen/yatzy?label=%E2%98%85&logo=github
